Welcome back to the library studio here as
part of the vlog.
I'm your host, Craig Wynn.
We're going to continue our story on
returning to the garden.
And you might think, well,
didn't we already finish the testimony
regarding the garden when we did previous
programs?
Now we're in the midst of Numbers five
and the story of the garden is told
in Genesis two and three.
And indeed, that would be correct.
except that the conclusion of the story
regarding the garden actually talks about
whether or not we return by way of
ash or we return to dust.
And so God is bringing our attention to
what happens as a result of Numbers five,
where Israel is viewed as religiously
corrupt.
And Dowd,
who is the groom of Numbers Five,
wants his bride back,
and he wants her unsullied so that she
is no longer corrupted by having too much
indulgence into false religion.
This is how we are going to determine
whether or not souls, in the end,
are returned to the dust of the earth,
just ceasing to exist,
or if they are purged by the ash
of the sacrifice of the Adamah Parah,
and therefore get to go on and witness
Dowd's return,
the great homecoming and family reunion,
and then
have the opportunity to reenter the Garden
of Eden.
So what we're reading now is the story
of what will determine whether or not your
soul is allowed to return to the garden.
So it certainly seems as if it would
be more than appropriate for us to
continue our series on returning to the
garden in this discussion.
Now, by way of recap,
we have recently come to deduce insights
that have never previously been
considered.
An entirely different and more accurate
way to evaluate what transpired in the
Garden of Eden,
why man was taken away from the garden
why there were six thousand years between
the time we were removed from the garden
and the time we will be given the
opportunity to return,
when that will occur,
and why it will occur.
I think that this actually sets up one
of the most profoundly important
understanding of our purpose in the
creation of the universe, why we're here.
Since that's one of the great questions
that mankind has probed for as long as
we can plumb the depths of human
understanding through writing,
which dates back to just about six
thousand years ago when this all
transpired.
I believe that,
I think might be a better term,
I think that I've unraveled the very
question
found the answer as to why we were
conceived,
how the story of what occurred in Adam
explains why we were conceived,
where we failed, where we went wrong,
and when and why and how we will
have the opportunity to make it right
again.
You see,
what I've discovered is that Gan Eden,
this protective and enclosed universe,
sheltered garden conducive to life well a
real place and something that likely
occurred as we have read it in the
opening book of the Towrah it is actually
a microcosm for our planet earth earth is
a very finely tuned highly protective and
sheltered environment that's conducive to
life
could well be the only one in the
universe.
And what God is saying is that he
created life in general and man
specifically with a nesama,
the one thing that makes mankind different
than the rest of the animals that all
have a nephesh soul,
is that with a nesama, we can think,
we can deduce right and wrong.
We are enabled to determine what is
productive and counterproductive,
good and bad.
Nesama is essentially our conscience or
our nephesh soul is our consciousness.
Consciousness simply gives an animal the
ability to observe their environment and
respond to it.
A conscience enables us to think it
through and make decisions about what we
have witnessed that can lead us to things
that are profoundly beneficial or
destructive.
It is the thing that brings us to
God.
And we are using it here to explain
what happened.
So Eden is a microcosm.
of planet Earth and all of the big
hype that the world's richest man,
on paper anyway, has for going to Mars.
We need to be a multi-planetary being or
species or life is over for us and
he's full of it.
The fact is that Earth is conducive to
life.
mars the moon Venus any planet or moon
within our reach is deadly toxic this
planet is uniquely tuned for life and
nowhere else within our grasp is and so
yeah well then
brought a man with a nesama conscience
into this protective enclosure to tell us
a story.
And that story is that he wanted humankind
to be observant.
And you might say, why?
What would be the purpose?
The moment he has a nephesh soul,
he is automatically observant.
He will have eyes to see,
ears to hear, touch, smell.
He can know what's happening around him.
So why would God say specifically that man
was conceived to be observant?
Ah, because there's so much to see.
So much more to see than trees and
streams and other animals and the like.
Yahowah would have testimony that would go
back to this time that he wanted us
to closely examine and carefully consider.
And that's just the beginning of it
because the whole purpose is to calibrate
a human such that we earn God's trust
so that he can do as he most
wants,
which is to take us on journeys of
exploration throughout history
The known two trillion galaxies in our
universe, it's likely many more than that.
And the hundreds of billions of solar
systems within each of those two trillion
or more galaxies.
even through the essence of what is now
called dark energy and dark matter,
so we can understand and see and explore
it as well.
He wants to show it off.
He created something extraordinary,
magnificent, and he wants to show it off,
and he wants somebody to enjoy it with
him.
That's why we were conceived.
And so Adam was specifically created to be
observant so that he could be a good
explorer when released from the garden and
now released from this planet.
But alas, Adam didn't measure up.
Second, Yahowah wanted Adam to engage,
to work, to make a contribution.
He did not want to engage in a
relationship with Adam such that Adam was
a dependent.
He's not looking for entitlements and to
offer entitlements.
No,
God does not see his entitlements as a
productive thing,
but instead counterproductive.
He wants the relationship to be mutually
beneficial.
He wants all parties to it to make
a contribution.
This was specified of Adam and Adam failed
entirely.
There is no indication that Adam did
anything in the garden.
He was a deadbeat.
In fact,
the terminology strongly suggests that he
was lazy.
And that's not what God's looking for.
He's looking for people who are not only
observant, good explorers,
but those who will make a contribution
along the way,
who'll make the experience richer for
everyone.
God expects us to listen.
Adam didn't do that very well either.
And he certainly didn't respond
appropriately to God's instructions.
And Yahowah wants someone he can trust for
us to be taken off this planet and
into the fullness of the fourth,
then into the fifth, sixth,
and ultimately seventh dimensions.
we have to be enriched and empowered and
liberated beyond our imagination.
With each increase and dimensionality
being an infinite increase in
possibilities and opportunities and
choices,
things to navigate and understand.
And God simply can't do that in a
universe filled with nuclear furnaces and
black holes and
Exploding nebula and all manner of things,
particularly with time being a dimension.
Because if we were to go back in
time and mess things up,
it could be catastrophic.
And so God needs to know that if
he gives us instructions, as he did Adam,
that we will pay attention.
And we can be trusted to do as
he has instructed, which Adam was not.
So what God realized is that man in
a sheltered and protective environment had
no opportunity to grow.
There was no way for Adam to ever
prove himself.
To develop character, to develop resolve,
to demonstrate that you have the
wherewithal and can be relied upon to get
up once you've fallen, to admit a mistake,
correct it and move on wiser and better
for it is something that is not possible
in a protective and sheltered environment.
That's why with overly protective parents,
children don't develop and grow.
We have to be allowed to fall.
We have to be allowed to make mistakes.
And we have to have a parent who
is willing to tell us,
this is the right choice,
this is the wrong choice.
If you make this choice,
this is the things that will happen for
you.
If you make this one,
then it's going to be harsh for you,
but allow us to make those mistakes and
then grow from them.
That couldn't be achieved in the sheltered
garden.
There was no way for Adam to ever
develop the character such that God could
trust him,
and there was no way for him to
ever become interesting enough for God to
say, let's go explore the universe.
They were having trouble just exploring
the garden.
So it was God that ended the relationship.
I don't think anyone, in fact,
I'm certain no one has ascertained that,
but it's quite obvious from the verb that
God chose.
when he announced to Adam that it's not
good for man to be alone.
The moment he said that,
he had already made the decision that he
was going to leave,
distance himself from Adam and therefore
the garden.
So God made the decision to withdraw.
And then he told Adam and us that
it's not good for man to be alone,
so he created woman for the benefit of
man.
So he wouldn't be alone when God left
him.
And then when...
It is stated in English translations that
God caused the man to fall asleep.
It's not caused.
That verb isn't a fall.
It means that God caused the fall of
man.
And he explains why he did so.
We had to be escorted out of the
garden so that we could prove our worth
by being devoted, by being steadfast,
by working, by listening, by learning,
by growing, by engaging, by contributing,
by showing that we were worth the
investment in time and we could be
depended upon by God.
We had six thousand years to make that
journey from falling to standing.
And during that time,
ninety-nine point nine nine nine nine nine
percent of humanity has stayed in a fallen
state, religious in particular,
but also the overtly political and the
militant.
It's not, however, universal.
Noah was the first example of hope.
He listened to God.
He did as God had asked.
He saved himself and eight others aboard
that ark,
also keeping the life that God so
treasured and loved in that region alive.
And the ark of the flood is a
wonderful example of someone doing what
Adam had failed to achieve.
We also see the likes of Dowd as
the greatest exemplar of all.
Dowd was a man who stumbled often,
who made many mistakes,
but always learned from them,
corrected his mistake and moved on.
Richer, stronger, better,
wiser for the experience.
A man who was absolutely committed to
being God's coworker,
to engaging with him.
And so there are now examples of people
who have done this.
Now,
we learned other things in the garden.
For example,
that the most important character in the
garden isn't actually Adam,
nor is it Chawah.
It's the tree of knowledge.
What we learn is that that tree of
knowledge is actually a person,
as is the tree of lives.
The tree of lives is doubt.
He's the greater luminary of Genesis one.
He is the one who opened Passover's door,
opening the doorway to life by fulfilling
Pesach in year four thousand, yeah,
thirty three C.E.
And the Tree of Knowledge is the one
who wrote the books on how to get
us back from a fallen state,
from a Zab,
back to life based upon what father and
son have achieved through fulfilling the
spring Mowedym in year four thousand Yah,
thirty-three CE,
in the second of three lives.
It's a lot to process,
but that is the story that God's telling.
And now that we are just seven and
a half years away from being invited back
into the garden,
it's important that you know how you're
going to get there,
how you go about being included and those
who are invited in and who will be
excluded.
I have in a book,
perhaps this is it, yes, called Ets Zerah,
Time of Trouble.
This is a,
eight hundred and twenty-five pages.
It itemizes every event that's going to
transpire of any significance between now
and the time that we're invited back into
the garden.
Sets dates, times, place,
identifies the people involved,
It's the future history, if you will.
Tomorrow's newspaper given to you today.
It's free at yadayah.com,
as are all the thirty-five books that I
have written by translating the Dead Sea
Scrolls into English,
the lingua franca of the world,
the language spoken by more Jews than any
other.
And in so doing, we have deduced
many thousands of previously unheralded
insights.
That book is full of them.
So it is our opportunity now to introduce
you to the opportunity of returning to Gan
Eden.
The doors will be open on October seventh
in twenty thirty three.
That'll be five days after Yahowah and the
Mashiach and Melech
son of God, Dowd,
return on Yom Kippur on October second of,
and that's ten days after the anima para,
this bull whose ashes mixed with water
will purge the adulterous woman that is
religious Yisrael of her guilt,
so that this mortal remnant of Yisrael is
not guilty anymore.
ready able prepared to witness Yahowah's
return with doubt and then to re-enter the
garden that is god's story and that's the
context of what we're discussing here now
as this continues and we read of a
priest you need to know that since there
are no more people there's no longer
anyone identified effectively as a
Cohen or a Loewy.
The priest that he's talking about here is
the last witness,
a man who's coming back who will act
in that role.
He is the one who will officiate.
His name is ElYah.
His name means
Yahowah is God.
He will have been brought back for this
express purpose because first he's trained
in it.
He led a dress rehearsal for this very
event,
two thousand eight hundred and
eighty-eight years before he will reprise
his role in the preparation of a bull
surrounded by water that Yahowah ignites
the flame while expunging religion and
politics from the people.
The exact same thing that's going to
happen on Teruah happened two thousand
eight hundred and eighty eight years ago.
The second reason that it is ElYah who
is going to perform the role of master
of ceremonies, serving as the priest,
is God likes his style.
God's sarcastic.
He likes sarcasm.
And who wouldn't need a good laugh?
After all we have gone through and will
endure.
So the one acting in the role of
priest will have her swear an oath and
make a solemn promise earnestly to affirm
the truth regarding herself at this moment
in time.
She is indicative of Yisrael.
Now I know that Yisrael is a masculine
name,
but
The fact is that God is using the
metaphor of an adulterous woman to
describe the religious infidelity of
Israel.
The introduction to this discussion in
Numbers, Bamidbar five,
makes that very clear.
And it's Howsha that also is the one
who Yahowah uses to make this clear.
Yisrael was divorced
through Howsha for religious infidelity.
And that's why Yahowah before issuing the
letter of divorce to Israel through Howsha,
approximately twenty seven hundred years
ago, had Howsha marry a religious whore.
Because the religious whore is symbolic of
Israel.
It is the same story here.
She is the religious whore that God
divorced two thousand seven hundred years
ago.
So the one acting the role of priest
ElYah will have her religious.
And this is I should be very careful
here.
The overtly religious,
those running around as rabbis,
those making influencer videos for social
media, promoting Judaism or Kabbalah,
same thing really,
those in their black suits,
whether it's ultra Orthodox in America or
the Haredim in Israel,
zero of them will be included in this.
This is not going to purge them.
The worst of them will be sent off
to Sheowl, the best of them,
which are still horrible people,
will have their souls extinguished at this
time.
This does not include anyone who is
overtly political.
If you are active in your political party
on behalf of Likud or any other Israeli
party, blue and white,
you name it,
you're not going to be included.
You will be expressly excluded.
If you're a Christian,
you will be expressly excluded.
If you are Muslim,
you will be absolutely excluded.
If you're an anti-Semite, excluded.
Conspiratorialist, excluded.
The only people,
a part of that mortal remnant that will
benefit
from this test provided in number five of
what's called the adulterous woman are
those who have the stench and stigma of
religion and politics by omission rather
than commission.
This is actually explained in quite some
detail with the bull providing remission
for omission versus commission in numbers
fifteen.
In this regard, if you have been misled,
but Yahowah detects something in you that
says there's a possibility that you could
perform well if allowed to return to Eden,
he will allow you to take this test.
If he and his Ruach decide otherwise,
you'll either be sent into Sheowl for being
aggressively religious or your soul will
dissipate into nothingness.
So that's who we're talking about here is
Israelites who are still singed
with the stench of religion and politics,
but are not overtly promoting them,
either of them.
So,
the one acting as the priest will have
her swear an oath to make a solemn
promise to affirm the truth regarding
herself at this moment in time.
He will say to the woman,
If a person has not hung around with
you and if you have not gone astray,
turning away that which is filthy and
defiled under your individual person,
then, well, you're released.
You're pardoned.
You're innocent.
You're free.
Free from what?
Free.
From what?
What is the single worst episode in the
history of the children of Israel?
It's the waters of Meribah.
That's what Marar represent.
Men, Mayem, the waters, from the waters,
Marar, a vexing and provoking bitterness.
Most Jews in particular parade around with
their Towrah
as if this was a great book vindicating
Jews.
Somehow this is something that makes Jews
important and empowers them,
speaks well of them, extols them.
Not the truth, not even remotely.
The Towrah condemns Jews overwhelmingly,
unabashedly.
Now, the first book of the Towrah,
Bare’syth, doesn't even speak of Jews.
There is no Jew in the book of
Bare’syth until you turn to the very,
very last pages of it,
and you have Jacob with Leah give birth
to Yahuwd, and he would be the first.
But he's Yahuwd,
Not Jew.
Jew is a corruption in the seventeenth
century of Yahuwd.
Yahuwd means beloved of Yah.
But prior to that,
the entire rest of the book is not
about Jews.
Not even about Yisrael.
Yisrael wouldn't exist until just pages
before.
That's just a few years really before the
birth of Yahuwd as Yaakov is renamed.
These characters are all Babylonian.
They're all Goyim.
And by the time the story turns to
Yisrael and the children of Yisrael,
at that point,
we go from having a mix of good
and bad, you know, Abraham and Sarah,
good and bad, mostly bad, but some good.
Noach, really all good.
But for the most part,
it's good and bad.
Adam, yeah, some bad.
Chawah, mostly bad.
So we go from the potential for good
and bad.
By the time we get to Yisrael,
it's horrible.
I mean,
Jacob did some really dunderhead things,
said some dunderhead things.
He's not a really good, very good guy.
God affirmed the covenant with him
because, well, he was that guy.
But, wow,
he even gets the blessing because his
mother lied, deceived his father.
And the birthright is taken away from
Esau.
And because Esau married Canaanite women
when his parents didn't like that very
much.
But from the time that the children of
Israel are born, it's all downhill.
And they start off by hoodwinking some
people in the community to get
circumcised,
not because they wanted them to
participate in the covenant,
because they wanted to rob them.
And when they were pained from the
circumcision, they attacked them.
That's pretty low.
That's a low blow, as they say.
And, you know,
we have the first children of Israel
selling their brother, Yosef,
into slavery.
And it's just bad.
And when you see them in Mitzrayim,
they don't show any initiative to come
back home when the weather patterns
improve.
And then when they are enslaved by Egypt
and there's huge numbers of them,
you don't see any fight in them.
No resolve to say, we gotta resolve,
we gotta solve this problem.
And then when Moshe is born during a
genocidal phase,
Moshe actually acts to do the right thing.
He is the glimmer of hope.
He stands up against Mitzrayim, but they,
Children of Yisrael,
rather than thank him for risking his life
to spare them,
turned on him and threatened to turn him
in.
It's just horrible.
Moshe leaves town and shows that he has
some character,
but when he comes back and he tells
Jehovah,
the last thing I wanna do is go
back there.
He had some keen memory of them.
He didn't like the...
And the Mitzrah, the Mitzri, the Egyptians,
he thought that their caste system was
abhorrent,
that their Pharaoh is a God concept was
abhorrent.
He didn't like it.
And he repudiated it.
He didn't want to be any part of
it.
And then he didn't like the Hebrews either
because they were so malcontent.
Nonetheless, God has him go back,
convinces him they should do this,
and the next forty years are horrid.
Horrid, horrid.
Jews are miserable.
When you're holding up your Towrah and
saying, wow,
this is the story of our liberation from
Egypt and the story of us being the
chosen people and of our Hashem doing
great things for us and bringing us into
the promised land.
It is horrible.
You are reprehensible.
And it's, it doesn't even,
you don't even get to the point of
the golden calf before you're screwing
stuff up.
You get to Nuibe Beach and you're begging
to go back to Mitzrayim and be slaves.
It didn't handle the crossing well at all.
And you get to Choreb and you build
a golden calf.
And from that moment on,
you never stopped being religious.
It was just shortly thereafter that you
told Yahowah to shut up and go away,
that you never wanted to see him or
hear from him again.
So when you're holding up your Towrah and
you're kissing it,
be kissing your sweet ass goodbye.
It renounces you because you were
renounceable.
You were deplorable.
You wanna call Moshe the great rabbi,
but here's the truth.
He wasn't a rabbi and he hated you.
He told Yahowah that you were so
reprehensible, so embittered,
so obnoxious,
that rather than having to spend another
day with you,
he wanted God to kill him.
So this is the truth.
And as bad as all of that was,
and it continues to pile up and get
worse and worse and worse,
the most horrid blow of all is the
water of Meribah.
And so what God is saying here is
that by the waters that are being released
from the Temple Mount underneath the
sacrifice of the Adam of Perah and the
tent of the restoring testimony to be
reestablished there once the the Dome of
the Rock and Alaska Mosque are purged off
of the Mount.
That.
That will release you from this great
stigma of the waters of Meribah.
I'm going to remove your vexing and
provoking bitterness,
this curse of harmful consequences that
you brought upon yourselves.
Right there in Bamidbar, Numbers,
in the heart of the Towrah,
this story is told in Numbers twenty,
right after the story of the Anima Parah,
Numbers nineteen, by the way.
So you should have been able to make
the connection between these things.
And that's what's being purged.
That, my friends,
is why when Yahowah was speaking with Moshe
and Moshe ran to God for the umpteenth
time and say, yeah,
the people are just belligerent.
They want to kill me.
They want to stone me.
They want to go back to Mitzrayim.
They're just miserable.
And God says, here's the solution.
I want you to speak to the rocky
crag.
And it will release its waters.
It'll wash away this problem.
But Moshe didn't speak to it.
He struck it.
He struck the crag.
God's message here is that the crag is
talkative.
He'll listen.
I am the crag.
My name is Craig.
It's Celtic for crack.
It's rocky precipice.
And well,
you can strike me and I'll still do
my job.
And that's the purpose of the Adam of
Parah.
It will be stricken and beaten to a
pulp on Teruah.
And under it,
the rock of the Temple Mount is going
to release copious amounts of water.
purging Israel of her guilt and the guilt
of the waters of Meribah.
And this time you will be allowed into
the promised land.
That is the story that God is telling
here.
That is the harmful curse that is being
remitted.
It is the vexing and provoking bitterness
of Israel
that is finally being washed away.
This is Numbers in the heart of the
Towrah.
This is similar,
as I have shared with you,
of the presentation in Howsha where Yisrael
is equated to a religious prostitute,
prompting God to divorce Yisrael.
And just as is the case in Howsha,
this is something which must be resolved
prior to Yahowah returning with Dowd for
the family reunion to occur.
Yahowah is very clear in Howsha and
throughout the Towrah as well.
You must shuwb for me to shuwb.
shuwb for shuwb or no shuwb for you.
You must return to God before God's going
to return to you.
He is currently divorced of you.
And he's divorced of you because
of your continued propensity to be
religious.
It is the rabbis and Judaism that keep
you estranged.
That is the vexing waters of Meribah."
So therefore, in this prophetic statement,
Yisrael is being asked to come clean and
then renew her wedding vows,
becoming trustworthy after a long time of
proving otherwise.
and then engaging in a productive way.
But since she is not far removed from
the horrid examples of Chawah, of Miriam,
and of Mikel, a cleanup is required.
But in this case,
Yahowah is proposing an innovative solution,
one that has been in place for many
thousands of years.
He said, by contrast,
branded and stigmatized as a sign of
ownership by another, Satan, religion,
you have gone astray beneath and oppressed
by your man.
So indeed, you're polluted,
you're unclean, you're filthy.
A person is being offered to you as
a gift
with him having, or will have it,
laid down his life for you,
such that you separate and choose to part,
disassociating yourself from your prior
choice of men.
Numbers, five, twenty.
When you read Numbers, nineteen, you know
who that individual is.
He's the Adam of Parah.
And the Adam of Parah is not a
red heifer.
He's a man.
And that man,
who is also known as Obed-Edom and the
man from Edom, is referred to as Ha-Nakri,
the most observant foreigner,
and of the Choder.
of the stem from the fallen tree stump
that was once Israel.
This man is the one who as a
bull, Par, who has become productive,
Parah, and as a man, Adam,
who is bloody red of the earth, Adamah,
will make this sacrifice voluntarily for
you and it's that sacrifice that will
purge you of your guilt at this time
he will have laid down his life to
separate and disassociate the of israel
from her choice of religious horse
so that you're no longer branded or
stigmatized,
so that you're no longer owned by the
rabbis in Judaism or by Christianity or
Islam.
A man is offering his Bashar body,
his life, as a gift for you.
And that man is not actually one of
you.
Whores of whores,
not only do you have to acknowledge that
the rabbis have been the greatest enemy of
Israel for the last two thousand years,
and the very thing that has kept Jews
estranged from God is Judaism,
but the solution is a guy who is
willing to lay down his life such that
your religious guilt is purged.
Beautiful in a way,
because where Jews went wrong,
and it is still to this day,
he didn't listen to God when he said,
do not accept the ways of the Goyim,
which he was very adroit in explaining.
Don't be religious, don't be political.
And what did you become?
Religious and political.
There is no people on earth that are
more religious
juxtaposed to their religion than Jews.
Judaism and being Jewish are considered
coterminous in most people's thinking,
even in many Jewish mindsets.
The integration of religion
and politics and ethnicity is greater
among Jews than any other people on earth.
It's the very thing God said, don't do.
He said that the integration and
commingling of religion and politics is
Babel and that you should walk away from
it.
And yet you went right back to it.
And so with that being the horrible
example
of the goyim that you brought into Israel
to destroy Israel.
It is now a goyim who has disowned
religion and politics,
who is going to purge you of religion
and politics.
God's very, very clever.
Much smarter than the rabbis,
I will assure you.
Religion is stigmatizing.
For Jews,
there is none worse than Judaism.
And we say, oh no,
compare Judaism to what Muslims are doing.
Without Judaism, there are no Muslims.
The fact is,
and you need to deal with this, Israel.
The only reason that Islam exists today is
because in Yathrib,
Rabbis sold Muhammad Talmud readings,
which he then used to make his Quran
seem credible and religious.
Without them, there is no Quran.
There is no Islam.
Rabbis made a buck selling Muhammad
recitals from their Talmud,
which Muhammad credited to Allah to
complete the Quran and make the Quran seem
like it was an Abrahamic religion.
And then when they mocked him as rabbis
have a want to do,
when he didn't pay them,
and when he claimed that it was Allah
who gave him the Talmud story recitals,
Muhammad was a psychopath.
He did what all psychopaths would do.
The rabbis weren't smart enough to figure
this out.
He turned on the Jews and perpetrated
genocide.
Thirty thousand Jews lost their lives in
Arabia
Maybe you've heard of Kabar Kabar Yehud.
Yeah, that's what happened.
And you can't even distance Christianity,
which oppressed Jews, subjugated them,
created the environment for the pogroms
and worse, the Holocaust.
You can't separate Christianity from
Judaism either.
Paul was the first to call himself a
rabbi.
He was taught by Jewish religious scholars
to cherry pick the Towrah and prophets to
twist what God said and to promote a
human agenda.
Without that training,
the New Testament doesn't exist.
It's Paul that created the myth of Jesus.
It was the Jewish religious community at
the time that allowed him to get away
with it because they did not acknowledge
that Dowd had arrived at exactly the
moment he said to do precisely what he
had promised to do,
which was to fulfill Pesach by being
crucified and then to carry our guilt away
on Matsah.
and then as the firstborn of Yah to
fulfill firstborn children on Bukurim.
Because they didn't pay attention to the
many hundreds of prophecies pertaining to
this, Paul's lies took root and grew.
Jews are to blame.
And then you have the father of rabbinic
Judaism.
What did he do?
That's Akiba.
He promoted a false messiah of his own
to counter the false messiah of Paul.
Bar Kokhba, you should know him.
That's where you get your six pointed
star.
Son of a star is his name.
He brought the wrath of Rome on Israel.
He caused hundreds of thousands of Jews to
be crucified.
His thirty five thousand accolades all
died.
And this guy was such a bastard,
he blamed them for their deaths.
And he's the reason that the land was
renamed Philistia,
which will be the reason that there will
be a Palestinian state.
And that's the father of Judaism.
Yeah.
Judaism, Christianity, Islam,
it's all because you made the wrong choice
in men, Israel.
You've chosen to listen to the religious
and not to God.
I listened to a rabbi,
this ugly piece of crap with the unkept
beard, little beanie cap.
He was...
lecturing on how the menorah that is shown
on the Ark of Titus that was taken
from Yisrael during the time that the
Romans came in to destroy the second
temple.
how that was wrong,
and he knows it's historically wrong
because Maimonides draws it with little
feet at the bottom of it,
little feet at the bottom of it,
and since Maimonides is the father of
Judaism,
also that Maimonides is historically
correct,
and the fact that Maimonides lived in the
twelfth century,
we won't bother with any of that.
The fact that Maimonides grew up
and an Islamic culture and served Muslims.
We won't talk about that.
The fact that Maimonides' Thirteen
Principles of Judaism are all wrong,
we won't talk about that.
The fact that Maimonides' timeline is a
hundred and ninety-seven years off and we
haven't figured that,
we won't talk about that.
The fact that Maimonides didn't know
Yahowah's name or anything that was
intelligent,
No,
the fact that he has a drawing that
has three little footsies for the menorah,
oh,
that's the historically correct one in the
twelfth century CE,
not the one described in the Towrah,
in the fifteenth century BCE,
or the one depicted in stone in the
first century CE.
That's how obnoxious
These people are,
and yet you listen to them.
You pay their salaries, Israel.
You bribe them.
Why?
Yeah,
Judaism is a sign that your soul is
owned and controlled by another.
God forsaken rabbis.
And in this case,
since most women are controlled by the
wrong men,
And in Judaism,
it's just like in Christianity and in
Islam, women have very few rights.
They're stigmatized by them and told to
disassociate from them.
You want to end a religion?
Have the women stop being religious.
Of course, it's funny in a way.
The very goy that Yisrael will want to
dismiss for being a filthy Gentile will be
the most effective means ever of cleaning
them.
Sort of like an astringent, I guess, huh?
The anima para,
this fruitful man of the ground,
will be horizontal at this time,
having laid down his life
so that Israel may live.
I will fall so that you may stand.
I have stood so that you may rise.
It continues,
the one acting in the role of priest
will have the woman swear an oath and
make a solemn promise to earnestly affirm
her trustworthiness at this time.
by way of Shabuwah, the promise of seven,
for the curse,
even for the hindrance of Allah.
The one acting in the role of priest,
ElYah, should say to the woman,
Yahowah wants to offer the gift for you.
regarding the curse and regarding Shavua,
the promise of seven in the midst of
your people.
Yahowah is offering to give with ongoing
implications your procreative power back
such that you will be able to give
birth and your womb will swell.
Bamidbar numbers, five, twenty-one.
Man, is there a lot to unpack here.
And there isn't a rabbi on the planet
that can explain any of this.
First of all,
they buried the whole concept of priest.
You're celebrating the last days of
Hanukkah, which in my view,
in Yahowah's view,
is far worse than the golden calf.
Golden calf, you took a religious...
idol from Egypt,
the apostable cult of the Pharaohs,
and you made a God for yourselves during
the Exodus.
The menorah that has nine candles that you
attribute to this uprising of the
Maccabees,
you've done something far worse.
You've taken God's primary symbol and
you've twisted and perverted it for your
goddamn religions.
Yeah,
Hanukkah's far worse than the golden calf
of the Exodus.
And you know what God did with the
people who built the gold calf?
He had the earth swallow them,
dust to dust, shall we say.
But you don't recognize that the
Maccabees,
what they wanted to do was to do
away with the lowly Cohen such that they
would replace them because they thought
they were better,
because they were greedier.
I know it's all draped now and they
opposed Greece and Antipodes was bad and
the Greeks were bad and they were pagans
no doubt and Jews didn't much like being
controlled and oppressed but the fight
was,
you should read this story because it's
hideous.
The fight was over who would control the
priesthood with
Rabbis ultimately being men who were
chosen by men as opposed to a ethnicity
set aside by God.
So you don't know that.
And so you have no clue who the
priests are because you got no concept of
it today because they've been replaced by
men claiming to be great.
Rabbi means I'm great.
So the one acting in the role of
priest, not rabbi,
will have the woman swear an oath,
make a promise,
to affirm her trustworthiness at this
time.
By way of Shabuwah.
You can't figure this out either if you're
religious.
You've got no concept of what Shabuwah is.
Shabuwah is the next harvest.
It is a barley harvest,
which means that the beneficiaries will
all have capitalized upon what David did
when in thirty three C.E.
year four thousand.
Yeah, he fulfilled Passover,
Matsah and Bokuram.
And there is no Bokuram without Pesach and
Matsah.
And you don't know what Dowd did to
fulfill Pesach and Matsah or that his body
served as the Passover lamb and that his
soul carried our guilt into Sheowl.
on Matsah so that we could enjoy Bikuwrym
and therefore those who capitalize on what
father and son accomplished,
two thousand years ago,
will be those who were affirmed on
Shabuwah.
But it's more than that.
One of the reasons that there is the
Shabuwah harvest isn't just to keep
God's chosen,
those who have availed themselves of the
terms and conditions of the covenant and
who have made great contributions to
serving Yisrael,
Yahowah and Dowd by conveying this message.
It's not just that he wants to keep
us out of this, the time of trouble.
We're resilient.
I'm not going anywhere in terms of backing
down.
I don't care what you do or what
you say.
I'm carrying on.
I'm devoted to this.
I'm in it right to the bitter end,
or more importantly,
after the bitter end to happily ever
after.
But God has a different way of going
about it.
He is taking harvesting,
literally so their souls disappear from
the earth.
Those who have figured it out,
those who have come to recognize that
religion is wrong,
that politics is unreliable,
and that to be in a relationship with
Yahowah,
we must disassociate from those things.
Trust and rely on Yahowah instead.
Walk to Him along the path of the
Mowed Miqraey, particularly Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym as Dowd fulfilled them in
thirty-three CE.
And then engage with Yahowah,
doing as He once done,
being the anti-Adam.
Listening, observing, thinking,
responding, engaging.
stumbling on occasion,
but then getting right back up,
showing that we're determined, steadfast,
dependable.
Those are the people that are harvested on
Shabuwah.
Why are they back now?
Because it is those people who aid in
the process of Teruah.
They're the ones who work with the Adam
of Parah, Yada,
the Choter, the Nakri,
throughout the next thousand years to make
Israel right.
It's not that they are just here assisting
ElYah during the sacrifice of the Adam of
Parah on Teruah.
Those who were brought into Shamaym on
Shabuwah will be engaged
throughout that ten days between Teruah
and Kipurym to prepare this remnant to
receive Dowd and Yahowah.
And then we'll be working beside the tree
of knowledge on behalf of the tree of
lives for the next thousand years to
prepare this remnant of Yisrael to earn
Yahowah's trust and to be allowed off this
planet.
Explore the universe.
It's the
People of Shabuwah.
That are the ones who were engaged at
this time.
Removing this curse.
It's the middle stem of the seven.
And the proper menorah.
So the one acting in the role of
priest should say to the woman, yeah,
well,
now we're already at our third full stop.
That means that until we have a remnant
who have distanced themselves from
Judaism, we can't get this done.
And that is the reason why this is
happening, the time of trouble.
Because until Jews hit rock bottom,
when they realized the IDF is no more
valuable than they were on ten seven,
which is useless.
That their politicians are as they were on
October seventh, which is useless,
counterproductive.
And that the rabbis are every bit as
valuable to them as they were on October
seventh, which is worse than useless.
And they realized that there's only one
alternative.
We finally have to come back to Yahowah
or they're dead.
They will say, well, you know,
maybe we give Yahowah a chance.
They have to go through this horrid time
before they're willing to accept what
Yahowah is offering.
And it is only when they reject the
rabbis, Judaism,
the culture of being Jewish,
that they will do what Jews you have
an asthma against.
Saying Yahowah's name, such a simple thing,
and yet you won't do it.
And between now and the time that you
accept and revere Yahowah's name and
proclaim it proudly,
wield it appropriately, you have no hope.
You need to fall to the point that
you recognize just how wrong the rabbis in
Judaism have been in erasing Yahowah's
name.
Until you repudiate the rabbis in Judaism,
you aren't going to embrace Yahowah.
And so the woman can't say Yahowah anything
until such time as she has fallen to
the point that she rejects Judaism.
So the Towrah is talking about a time
when rabbis in Judaism are no more.
that they're repudiated.
Because this woman should say,
Yahowah wants to offer the gift and it's
for you.
Regarding the curse and regarding Shavua,
the promise of seven, the man,
whose body will be struck as the rocky
crag on the top of Mount Moriah,
the Temple Mount on Teruah for the benefit
of Yisrael to purge the guilt of
religiosity and politics.
He is Mr. Shabu.
He is called the Zarowa,
which is the one harvesting and
cultivating this ingathering.
He's the first to ascertain what it
represents, when it will transpire,
who will be in attendance.
And without him determining the proper
pronunciation of Yahowah's name and that
Dowd is the Messiah and son of God,
our savior and returning king who
fulfilled peace,
Akhmats and Makota making Shabuwah
possible,
there would have been no Shabuwah.
And so he's the one that told you
everything you need to know about Shabuwah.
And that's the ninth volume of Yadda
Yadda,
one of thirty five books free at Yadda
Yadda dot com.
I would advise you to read it so
that you know why you're being asked to.
Speak Yahowah's name.
To acknowledge that the gift that has been
offered to you regarding ending the curse
because of what has been done
by the man who is fulfilling Shavua,
doing so in the midst of your people,
because he will be doing this for you
and for Yisrael.
So we're reminded again,
Yahowah is offering to give with ongoing
implications.
It's a gift.
And for all of these six thousand years,
Yisrael has been
experiencing religious miscarriages,
political miscarriages.
Mitzrayim, the Mitzri,
the Egyptians began to perpetrate genocide
in Egypt at the time that Moshe was
born.
And the Assyrians attempted genocide after
the Egyptians, as did the Babylonians.
Certainly the Muslims have,
the Marxists known as Nazis have.
The world is calling for genocide of Jews
today.
Your pro creative power has been reduced,
Israel.
And we're offering to make you productive
again.
The barren woman will conceive.
And what this means is that during this
return to Gan Eden,
as you were invited back into the garden
to prove that you have what it takes
to impress God, to earn God's trust,
to show him that you'll never go back
to religion.
That during this period,
you're gonna conceive and have children.
You know, so long as we get,
it's a thousand years time,
we get a handful of men and a
handful of women into the garden on
Shabuwah,
we will have plenty of candidates to teach
and train and lead during that thousand
year celebration of Sukkah and our return
to the garden.
Now, I think there'll be thousands.
And based upon what we have learned and
the team of people that we will have
working and the fact that you're going to
have Dowd there and Yahowah's presence,
we're going to get this done.
We're going to be un-wookie-like looking
at my fur-faced friend that is napping
through the show at the moment.
We're going to get it done.
And God's going to be pleased with the
result.
I think he already is.
I think he's seen the result.
your womb is going to swell.
So by mentioning Shabuwah,
Yahowah is drawing his people's attention
to the Zarowa, to the Parah,
to the fruitful one,
as he is presented and discussed in the
great prophet and in the great Isaiah
scroll.
He is the one cultivating these harvests.
He's also reminding them that because they
missed out,
they were left to endure the curse of
Allah,
You're going to experience Israel,
Al-Asqa floods, two point O.
It's gonna be a thousand times worse than
what occurred on October seventh of
twenty-three.
Gonna be seven years of terror and torment
at the hands of sadistic and demonic
Muslims driven by deceitful Marxists.
The time of Israel's troubles is Islam's
final opportunity to slander, abuse,
plunder, abduct.
and kill Jews.
And they're very good at being bad.
And Jews are very bad at figuring out
that the problem is Islam, not Hamas.
Israel is convinced it's fighting a seven
front war when it only has one enemy,
Islam.
And they're doing nothing to target that
enemy.
Satan's musings on the matter, of course,
can be found in Ezekiel,
where he brags about raping Jewish girls
and about his twenty-five hideous ways to
kill Jewish men.
Should you seek evidence of this,
I would encourage you to read the Babel
series of yadayah, again,
free at yadayah.com.
And should you want to understand the
murderous nature of Islam,
please consider Goddamn Religion,
five volumes,
four thousand two hundred pages.
that are irrefutable in their condemnation
of Allah, Muhammad, and the first Muslims,
Islam today.
Yahowah's parting statement is typically
mistranslated.
I say this because it opens with God
wanting to offer Yisrael a gift,
something to salve the wounds of
that have been inflicted by raging
anti-Semitism and aggravated by Allah's
jihadists.
So in this case,
as a result of the Adamah Perah sacrifice,
the barren woman that has been Yisrael,
the nation of stillborn children,
too corrupted by religion to survive,
will be given birth.
They will be productive again,
producing healthy offspring.
And since they will repopulate the garden,
the gift of swelling wombs means a return
to childbearing during the
one-thousand-year celebration of Sukkah,
camping out in the restored Eden.
After all,
what's the point in Dowd coming back as
king of forevermore if only to hassle with
a single generation of recently cleansed
religious and political malcontents?
A few will become many.
And if we begin with many,
they will become many more.
This is the point.
The narrative of the Adamah Parah serving
as the teruah sacrifice for the mortal
remnant of Yisrael seven and a half years
from now and just days prior to King
Dowd's homecoming is becoming ever more
obvious.
This is why the water mixed with ash
of the sacrifice of the ash of the
Adamah Parah,
when God ignites the flame beneath his
body,
will occur as the same moment that the
subterranean spring that Yahowah has
properly positioned under the Temple Mount
will release its cleansing waters and then
God will ignite the purging fire.
It will all happen under the body of
the Bashar, body of the parable.
They will work in harmony to restore the
remnant of Israel.
Prior to those return so that our king.
Can accept his bride.
That's why we read,
and the waters of the curse will enter
and exit through her bowels to enlarge the
womb.
The procreative power of the woman will
give birth.
And the woman, she will say, Amin, Amin.
I accept this affirmation as reliable and
true.
As I become trustworthy and acceptable,
Numbers five twenty two.
Then the one acting in the role of
priest will write what that which pertains
to the curse in the record,
documenting it,
and then he will blot it out,
wiping it away and destroying it.
Along with the waters of the disagreeable
bitterness and poisonous toxicity.
Five twenty three.
And he should have that which pertains to
this woman drink the waters of
disagreeable bitterness and poisonous
toxicity of the curse.
And it will come and go with her,
these waters that bring the consequence of
the curse of pungent and disagreeable
bitterness.
So the one acting in the role of
priest will obtain and accept from the
woman's hand
that which is apportioned as the
sacrificial gift for the exclusivity in
this relationship.
And then he will wave the voluntary
sacrificial offering appointed as a gift
before the appearance of Yahowah and
approach with it and with her to the
very place of the sacrifice, Bamidbar,
five twenty-five.
This cascade of flowing waters is going to
emerge from under the Temple Mount and
beneath the altar with the burnt sacrifice
of the Adam of Perrault.
His body will be placed at the opening
of the tent of the Restoring Witness,
which will be over where the Dome of
the Rock once stood.
It will be toward the
east facing towards the east and therefore
towards the Mount of Olives.
The waters will flow off the Temple Mount
as the flames light the skies and the
smoke billows towards the heavens.
And the result will be to purge the
religiosity of Israel,
causing the nation to be productive and
useful again.
That is the whole purpose of us returning
to the garden, is it not?
To be a people destined for participating
in the covenant.
It will serve as a glorious affirmation
that God's people have been restored and
that they can be dependable, faithful,
and reliable in a relationship at long
last.
And bitterness gone.
At this moment,
the religious guilt of those gathered in
Jerusalem will be purged.
The toxicity of the past will be washed
away, the bitterness removed.
Teruah's beneficiaries will be prepared to
witness those return.
Our king with God, Yahowah, on Kipurym,
and then attend the wedding.
Finally, entering Gan Eden on Sukkah,
five days thereafter.
The final sacrificial gift will have been
offered and redeemed.
The relationship is going to be restored.
The Mowedym will be fulfilled just as the
Towrah prescribes.
It is the bull who is being sacrificed.
It is his body that is being burned.
It is the goat who is officiating as
the priest.
And the ram,
he is awaiting as the groom for his
bride to arrive.
And he, of course,
is the most memorable of men.
The cast are comprised of Yadda the bull,
ElYah the goat, and Dowd is the ram.
And this will be a most glorious moment
in time.
The Towrah reads,
the one acting in the role of priest,
ElYah,
should grasp a handful from that which is
apportioned as the sacrificial gift of the
burnt offering of the most memorable of
men on her behalf.
and send the sacrifice up in smoke at
the place of the sacrifice.
Thereafter, in the end,
he should have the woman drink the water.
When he has had her drink the water,
it will be on the condition that she
has caused herself to be sullied and that
she acted unfaithfully and unreliably
against her man."
and had entered into her the waters
pursuant to the consequence of this curse
of toxic bitterness.
But then she will have swelling in her
womb from her procreative power to give
birth.
The woman's time,
that woman's time will end along with
those who remain cursed in the midst of
the people.
So there will be fire,
there will be water, there'll be smoke,
there'll be ash.
This is to say that as a result
of the voluntary sacrifice of the bull,
the expert officiating of the goat and the
return of the ram,
all of this will be between Israel and
Yahowah and it will bring it all to
an end.
There will be those purged,
there will be those who fail the test.
This is the ultimate result that God has
sought.
We've reached the end of time as we
know it,
and the start of time as we will
enjoy it.
The resulting family union will then be
exceedingly satisfying.
The infidelity of religiosity will finally
be washed away.
Souls purified by the water,
The fire and the ash,
the curse of toxic bitterness that had
reached its zenith, Meribah,
during the exodus will be abated.
Long barren and since being unable to
bring a child into the covenant,
the curse will finally be lifted.
Israel will no longer be barren,
pursuant to the Beryth.
She will be given access to the tree
of lives as her Messiah returns and they
are betrothed.
And if the woman is no longer sullied,
if she is not defiled or polluted,
then she will be cleansed and restored.
She'll be purified and renewed.
She will be pardoned and seen as innocent,
and she will conceive,
cultivating the harvest by producing
offspring."
Bamidbar, five, twenty-eight.
It is as I have shared.
Now, there is an if here,
because success is actually not assured.
Some of those who will be collected during
Teruah in what's called the white and then
the dappled chariots,
based upon their lack of religious or
political opposition to Yahowah,
to Dowd and Yisrael,
will still lack the character and the
traits needed to pass this test and return
to the garden.
Those who pass muster will be purged of
their prior guilt and given a fresh start
on life.
So this speaks of the role of the
Adam of Parah in making that determination
and pardoning the mortal remnant of
Yisrael prior to the fulfillment of Kippur
and Sukkah.
But he is offering to restore those who
are guilty by omission, not commission.
And that's what this test will determine.
Restored,
God's people will be given the opportunity
to be productive again
This will be the antithesis of what was
experienced with Adam.
And in this regard,
Zerah speaks of conceiving, cultivating,
and collecting the children who will enter
and complete the covenant.
It is the fruit of the Zarowa,
of Moshe, of Dowd and Yada.
It is the very fruition of the Towrah.
And that is why we read,
this is the Towrah guidance and teaching
for jealousy and for exclusivity in the
relationship.
When a woman has gone astray and has
turned away beneath and oppressed by her
man, as she trashes herself,
making herself filthy and polluted.
Bamidbar, five twenty nine.
Israel became very,
very good at aggravating Yahowah and has
remained that way for the last thirty four
centuries.
Well, Yahowah composed his Towrah.
They were cheating on the relationship
with replacement gods.
So this is the solution,
God's guidance on returning home after
having wandered away for three thousand
five hundred years.
It's time to come clean.
It's now or never.
The Adam of Parah awaits.
King Dowd is the man who is zealous
for his bride.
He is, however,
not going to share her with a rival.
He either gains her undivided attention,
putting religion and politics aside,
or this is what we read.
And for the man,
when for the benefit of the relationship,
he crosses over to the other side for
this.
with a zealous spirit,
seeking exclusivity in the relationship.
And he becomes now passionately zealous,
desiring the undivided attention of his
wife.
Then he should be present with the woman,
standing before the appearance of Yahowah,
along with the one acting in the role
of priest,
and he should engage at that time.
Carrying out for her everything that is in
accordance with the Towrah.
With its directions and guidance on this.
About mid-bar, five-thirty.
And so the individual will be without
guilt.
No religious or political corruption
remaining.
And the woman.
Her propensity to bend and twist the
message.
Which, by the way,
goes all the way back to Chawah.
will have been forgiven.
Her guilt will be removed.
And so ends the Towrah of Bamidbar
in the wilderness of Numbers five,
thirty-one.
Dowd's going to cross over from the
spiritual realm of the heavens into the
material realm of the earth on Yom Kippur,
expecting to meet his bride.
beautifully blushing in the warmth of his
light,
exuberant and excited over his anticipated
arrival.
He has pined passionately for her return,
doing so for millennia.
And finally,
even Yahowah will have her undivided and
unwavering attention
But you'll notice she'll be standing,
she's not bowed, even before God and King.
And that is why they have long desired
for this to take place with the fallen
rising again,
recovering from the garden to walk back
into the garden.
I expect, I hope,
to serve as best man to my friend
and my king.
And I anticipate that ElYah will officiate
the ceremony with Yahowah,
walking the bride down the aisle,
and it will all be in accord with
the Towrah.
Immediately thereafter,
the gates of Eden will swing open and
we will all proceed into the garden,
celebrating our God's patience and
persistence with us,
giving us the second chance at romance.
In this reading,
we learn that when Yahowah caused the fall
of man and our exclusion from the garden,
he had a plan already in place that
would allow us to grow up,
to come clean,
and to demonstrate that we could be
trusted at long last.
Yes,
only a few people have taken advantage of
this second opportunity.
But I can assure you more will soon
follow.
And I hope that you are included among
them.
Good day from the library studio of the
Iowa block.
I'm going to play your song.
Please,
I now understand that we have the
opportunity for a wonderful song that my
wife has written for this occasion.
Please listen and enjoy.
Children of Israel, hear my voice.
I called you by name.
I gave you a choice,
a plan to lift you on wings.
So high to walk in my light beneath
endless sky.
I gave you guidance, loving and true.
A father's heart reaching out to you.
answered my plea you turned from the truth
and chose to be free free to stray
and that you are
my people why do you roam i inscribed
your name but you left the home i
sent my son the path to walk but
you walked away rejected us both a family
torn love unreturned one last chance one
last
The path less traveled yet It shows the
way our voice grows cold In the night's
sway our lament Our unanswered call Stand
before Yahowah My name is above all none
beside me Yet you chase whispers that only
fall
I gave you a covenant,
a golden word But voices of falsehood
drowned what you heard Still hope remains
for hearts that break For those who turn
for love's own sake Return to you
Like errant sheep without pasture,
I inscribed your name, ha-Mayim, your home.
I sent my son, God,
as the path to see,
but you walked away, rejected me.
A family torn asunder,
a love unrequited in my open arms.
Two men standing in the standing place The
sign of Zion marks the ground In the
place where I put my name
Children of Yisrael,
I know this is true No greater love
than I have for you Though broken hearts
and paths astray I'll wait for you to
come home